jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 
drug abuse , infidelity and death aren't usually comedy fare , but turpin's film allows us to chuckle through the angst . 
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 
a movie that's held captive by mediocrity . not bad , but not all that good . bacon keeps things interesting , but don't go out of your way to pay full price . 
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable . 
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
take away the controversy , and it's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera . 
it is scott's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph . 
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . 
 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
[t]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them . 
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure . 
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops' and they take full advantage . 
a slick , skillful little horror film . 
enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid . 
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation . 
there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . 
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble . 
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . 
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back . 
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
bart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent . 
while certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , jeong-hyang lee's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness . 
the superior plotline isn't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other . 
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home . 
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time . 
it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer . 
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that didn't sell many records but helped change a nation . 
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 
 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions . 
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns . 
originality is sorely lacking . 
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill . 
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . 
bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review . 
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america . 
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants . 
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . it's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones . 
depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch . 
griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich . 
occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new . 
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
a pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances . 
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension . 
 " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
 " frailty " offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . and , there's no way you won't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 
witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 
on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 
most impressive , though , is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds . 
a beautiful paean to a time long past . 
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem . 
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks . 
sit through this one , and you won't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you . 
velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene . 
succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 
[a] mess . 
not only unfunny , but downright repellent . 
i'm just too bored to care . 
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . 
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 
the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it . 
certainly the performances are worthwhile . 
robert harmon's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in -the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film's thick shadows . 
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character . 
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 
deserving of its critical backlash and more . 
this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
the more kevin costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them . 
responsvel direto pelo fracasso 'artstico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox no consegue sequer aproveitar os pouqussimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
thoroughly awful . 
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . . 
so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up . 
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 
mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs . 
this movie got me grinning . there's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . 
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation . 
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before . 
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
it may not be history  but then again , what if it is ?  but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
for anyone who grew up on disney's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor . 
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . it's all pretty cynical and condescending , too . 
kurys never shows why , of all the period's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention . 
a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind . 
godard uses his characters -- if that's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . 
from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir . 
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers . 
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them . 
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books . 
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . 
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one . 
 . . . in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it doesn't disappoint . 
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
it's definitely a step in the right direction . 
oozes condescension from every pore . 
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get . 
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater . 
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie . 
even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour . 
this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amlie . 
the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now . 
when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 
works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks . 
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other . 
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma's scarface . that's a cheat . 
handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked souffl . 
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 
the movie's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in . 
i know i shouldn't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old . 
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama . 
the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain . 
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere . 
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is . 
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again . 
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man's right to raise his own children . 
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 
you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
'moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
what's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well , it's not as pathetic as the animal . 
 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion . 
the delicious trimmingsarrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minutewith a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 
a taut , intelligent psychological drama . 
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
a feeble tootsie knockoff . 
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity . 
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale . 
it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 
benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice . 
real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work . 
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love . 
[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it's also a failure of storytelling . 
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . 
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution . 
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack . 
it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - audience sadism -- is evaded completely . 
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise . 
press the delete key . 
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . 
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of " 7th heaven . " 
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 
 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching . 
pompous and garbled . 
passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless . 
 " simone " is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
tends to plod . 
if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over . 
avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
a slick , engrossing melodrama . 
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . 
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge . 
lovely and amazing is holofcener's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you . 
had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin . 
 . . . an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly shouldn't hurt talented young gaghan's resume . 
it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth . 
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 
so few movies explore religion that it's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler . 
 . . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920's . . . the film's ending has a " what was it all for ? " feeling to it , but like the 1920's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . 
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films . 
wallace seems less like he's been burning to tell a war story than he's been itching to somehow tack one together
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . 
for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie . 
this is really just another genre picture . 
leigh's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other . 
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 
 . . . unbearably lame . 
a marvel like none you've seen . 
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment . 
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . 
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . they just don't work in concert . 
an interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive " missing thing . " 
nothing about it fits . 
a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling . 
what " empire " lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart . 
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion . 
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice . 
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither . 
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile . 
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it . 
charlize chases kevin with a gun . courtney chases stuart with a cell phone . the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing . 
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? 
a manically generous christmas vaudeville . 
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs  a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story  but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece . 
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic . 
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . 
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker . 
the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ? 
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters . 
never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 
only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness . 
while it's nice to watch a movie that hasn't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold . 
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . 
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass . 
bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves . 
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . something like scrubbing the toilet . or emptying rat traps . or doing last year's taxes with your ex-wife . 
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing . 
ferrara's best film in years . 
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt's gentle , endearing 1975 children's novel . 
dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
 . . . built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 
the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished . 
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 
don't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life . 
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . 
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x . 
an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 
a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . the extent to which it succeeds is impressive . 
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life . 
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 
lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . 
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process . 
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 
[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 
the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end . 
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker's eye . 
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun . 
with 'bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring . 
sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 
it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn . 
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . 
perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy . 
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap . 
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
a thought-provoking picture . 
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
just watch bettany strut his stuff . you'll know a star when you see one . 
moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not . 
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy . 
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to . 
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being . 
even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers . 
with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . . 
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy . 
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable . 
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience . 
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story . 
her fans walked out muttering words like " horrible " and " terrible , " but had so much fun dissing the film that they didn't mind the ticket cost . in this case zero . 
ruh-roh ! romething's really wrong with this ricture ! 
feels shrill , simple and soapy . 
thanks to the chteau's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 
a good thriller . 
the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 
the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor . 
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar . 
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air . 
soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter 'uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . 
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing . 
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature . 
like a south-of-the-border melrose place . 
exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes . 
hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 
lead actress ga , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren . 
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up . 
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . 
formulaic to the 51st power , more like . 
the movie bounces all over the map . 
at the bottom rung of the series' entries . 
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . 
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness . 
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of " iris " or " american beauty , " but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . 
sad nonsense , this . but not without cheesy fun factor . 
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . 
it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner . 
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques . 
here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably . 
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment . 
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections . 
instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
 . . . pitiful , slapdash disaster . a doa dud from frame one . 
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 
it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way . 
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of 'there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world . 
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters . 
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . 
it's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it's just grating . 
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . 
a lifetime movie about men . 
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 
if you're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years won't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi . 
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . 
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
surprisingly insightful
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world . 
griffiths proves she's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession . 
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there's something there . it's that good . 
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 
there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way . 
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . 
should have gone straight to video . it looks like an action movie , but it's so poorly made , on all levels , that it doesn't even qualify as a spoof of such . 
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they isn't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 
it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine . 
judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect . 
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . 
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film . 
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . 
screenwriter chris ver weil's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability . 
 . . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere . 
branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit . 
frankly , it's pretty stupid . i had more fun with ben stiller's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever . but there's plenty to offend everyone . . . 
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting . 
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film . 
the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
famuyiwa's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich-riddled genre can offer . 
it's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled 'the loud and the ludicrous' . . . the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated . 
not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey . 
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 
it's just not very smart . 
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep 'epic . '
although huppert's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun . 
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy . 
steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
you could love safe conduct ( laissez passer ) for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long . you could hate it for the same reason . 
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer . 
not even the hanson brothers can save it
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
 " white oleander , " the movie , is akin to a reader's digest condensed version of the source material . 
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 
the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges . 
let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . 
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama . 
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 
kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing . 
the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 
featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results . 
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there . 
'opening up' the play more has partly closed it down . 
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults . 
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . 
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority . 
this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
eight legged freaks ? no big hairy deal . 
unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers . 
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 
even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . 
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster . 
none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny . 
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots . 
zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast . 
if only merchant paid more attention the story . 
one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film's impressive performances and adept direction aren't likely to leave a lasting impression . 
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i'm all for that . 
a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo & stitch had in spades -- charisma . 
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
a film that loses sight of its own story . 
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . 
 i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent's complaint . 
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made . 
 . . . quite endearing . 
the dramatic crisis doesn't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but huppert's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience . 
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary . 
the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter . 
'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans . 
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality . 
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
beautifully produced . 
secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivet and sophistication . 
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film . 
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much . 
like these russo guys lookin' for their mamet instead found their sturges . 
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
consistently clever and suspenseful . 
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary . 
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . 
its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks . 
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke- at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . 
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 
i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . 
feels less like it's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers . 
old people will love this movie , and i mean that in the nicest possible way : last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship . 
the movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task . 
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . 
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
a pleasing , often-funny comedy . 
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given . 
like the film's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early-'80s suburbia , it's significant without being overstated . 
at its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be . 
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl's life . 
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride . 
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day . 
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
on the surface , it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique . 
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written . . . in the thrall of a vicious hangover . 
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
 . . . although this idea is " new " the results are tired . 
a . . . cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers . 
as teen movies go , " orange county " is a refreshing change
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldn't help being captivated by it . 
it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression . 
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes . i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman . 
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . 
it's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance . 
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good . 
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted . 
effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience . 
the biggest problem with this movie is that it's not nearly long enough . 
what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting . 
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue . 
mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 
in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level . 
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790's , one imagines the result would look like something like this . 
does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people . 
a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
if a horror movie's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course . 
standing by yourself is haunting . . . [it's] what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . 
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath . 
[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece . 
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 
it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either . 
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise . 
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn . 
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy . 
wait for pay per view or rental but don't dismiss barbershop out of hand . 
it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 
it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie . 
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . 
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial . 
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
feature debuter d . j . caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton's narcotics noir to life . 
contrived as this may sound , mr . rose's updating works surprisingly well . 
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . 
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary . 
fun and nimble . 
jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) . 
it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
it's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks . 
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it's therapeutic to laugh along with them . 
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not . 
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ? 
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years . 
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is . 
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 
an extremely unpleasant film . 
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
piercingly affecting . . . while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying . 
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 
an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years . 
another best of the year selection . 
it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars . 
prurient playthings aside , there's little to love about this english trifle . 
while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her . 
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights . 
using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
gloriously straight from the vagina . 
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense . 
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot . 
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love . 
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights . 
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
 " its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . " 
the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious . 
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans . 
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging . 
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song . 
imagine o . henry's <b>the gift of the magi</b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc's drug scene . merry friggin' christmas ! 
strange it is , but delightfully so . 
it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured . 
the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design . 
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious . 
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual . 
thanks to haynes' absolute control of the film's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act . 
this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie . 
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
it's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing--i'm prepared to call it a draw . 
reggio's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad . 
abysmally pathetic
disney's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem . 
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies . 
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny . 
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment . 
directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 
if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles . 
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart . 
[fincher's] camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller . 
this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch . but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? ) just pound away . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
one funny popcorn flick . 
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he'd gone the way of don simpson . 
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowling's books . 
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 
nothing more than a mediocre trifle . 
a worthwhile way to spend two hours . 
i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno . 
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation . 
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . 
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone's crazy french grandfather . 
 . . . a movie that , quite simply , shouldn't have been made . 
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains . 
it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 
opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
you can practically hear george orwell turning over . 
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
a sterling film - a cross between boys don't cry , deliverance , and ode to billy joe - lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made . 
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
[there's] quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 
what's next ? rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ? david spade as citizen kane ? 
not so much farcical as sour . 
an original gem about an obsession with time . 
its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film . 
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled . 
humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way . 
not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school " cartoon " . 
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
it's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center . 
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this . 
a very capable nailbiter . 
irwin is so earnest that it's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy . 
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
low rent from frame one . 
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . 
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish . 
celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat . 
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make 'cherish' a very good ( but not great ) movie . 
not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached . 
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick . 
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
 . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 
despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
 " home movie " is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
easier to respect than enthuse over , andersson's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing . 
a very pretty after-school special . it's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it . 
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense . 
clever but not especially compelling . 
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work . 
you'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . 
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 
 . . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit . 
maryam is more timely now than ever . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
denis and co-writer michele petin's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing . lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . 
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music . 
it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
contando com uma premissa curiosa , o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense , culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memria . 
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 
viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale . 
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . 
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through . 
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously . 
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy . 
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it . 
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . 
a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances . 
conceptually brilliant . . . plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . 
if there's one big point to promises , it's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other . 
the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
a lovely film for the holiday season . 
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
it's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be . 
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . 
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! " 
nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood . 
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish . 
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming . 
the auteur's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . 
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek . 
a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface . 
it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment . 
 ( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind . 
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture . 
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than " memento " 
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone . 
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity . 
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical . 
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing . 
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
[director peter] jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkien's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you're a fan of the books or not . 
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that . 
isn't quite the equal of woo's best earlier work , but it's easily his finest american film . . . comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films . 
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america . 
despite the film's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving . 
you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . 
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year . 
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women . 
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but doesn't quite get there . good performances keep it from being a total rehash . 
 . . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall . 
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade . 
this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that's about all it does well . 
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously . 
[clooney's] debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh . 
it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times . 
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy . 
empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
 . . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life . 
while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world . 
 . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
the great pity is that those responsible didn't cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . 
it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
it will break your heart many times over . 
one of the funnier movies in town . 
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . and in this regard , on guard delivers . 
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad . 
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years . 
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play . 
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 
one of the worst movies of the year . 
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before . 
a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this . 
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month's end , is tepid and tedious . 
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 
how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
rather less than the sum of its underventilated pre-fils confrontations . 
a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life . 
aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
while obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut . 
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 
both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . 
most haunting about " fence " is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing . 
the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow . 
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
this is one of the year's best films . 
frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes . 
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance . . . 
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . it's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 
home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice . 
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 
even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness . 
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing . 
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . 
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike . 
 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused . 
finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original . 
something must have been lost in the translation . 
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 
 " the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . . " 
witless but watchable . 
a wonderful character-based comedy . 
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
despite auteuil's performance , it's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at . 
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . . 
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . 
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . 
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial . 
biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame . 
like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 
director paul cox's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky's diaries is both stimulating and demanding . 
though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them . 
melanie eventually slugs the yankee . too bad the former murphy brown doesn't pop reese back . 
includes too much obvious padding . 
ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existncia de papai noel era um fato inquestionvel . 
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they've told a nice little story in the process . 
it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
 . . . an inviting piece of film . 
it's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . 
it's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick . 
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 
for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise . 
an intoxicating experience . 
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout . 
five screenwriters are credited with the clich-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
you come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that's at the center of the story . 
a movie that harps on media-constructed 'issues' like whether compromise is the death of self this orgasm [won't be an] exceedingly memorable one for most people . 
it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut . 
though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
the worst film of the year . 
director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini's famous love-jealousy- murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation . 
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . 
reggio's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking . 
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 
almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences . 
it's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . socrates motions for hemlock . 
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
kidman is really the only thing that's worth watching in birthday girl , a film by the stage-trained jez butterworth ( mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of british comedies in the post-full monty world . 
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through . 
'charly' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy . . . 
it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows . 
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
an empty , purposeless exercise . 
may puzzle his most ardent fans . 
a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
bad in such a bizarre way that it's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste . 
whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting . 
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
a flawed but engrossing thriller . 
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . 
it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! 
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped . 
the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth . 
as it turns out , you can go home again . 
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , rocky-like moments . . . but it's such a warm and charming package that you'll feel too happy to argue much . 
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 
it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed . 
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone . 
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace . 
if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . 
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny . 
i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad . 
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it . 
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv's big brother . 
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . 
beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 
may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow . 
a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . . 
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . 
extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it . 
a moving picture that does not move . 
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 
'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining . 
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . 
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . 
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
video games are more involving than this mess . 
slap me , i saw this movie . 
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . 
the film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9/11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind . 
far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place . . . innocent and well-meaning . 
once again , director jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale . 
spiderman rocks
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches . 
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
your response to its new sequel , analyze that , may hinge on what you thought of the first film . 
essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . . 
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride . 
burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 
we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product . 
 " . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . " 
for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller . 
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
much monkeyfun for all . 
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
 . . . the plot weaves us into a complex web . 
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well . 
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like . . . but overall the halloween series has lost its edge . 
a movie to forget
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 
with three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it's enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective . 
not always too whimsical for its own good ( but enough to do harm ) , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs . 
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny . 
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 
a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive . 
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns . 
the thrill is ( long ) gone . 
elvira fans could hardly ask for more . 
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie doesn't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome . 
a witty , whimsical feature debut . 
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise . 
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
a ragbag of cliches . 
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal's character . . . performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we're not watching a double . 
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . 
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer . 
 . . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried . 
its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental . 
a film that will enthrall the whole family . 
 . . . a story we haven't seen on the big screen before , and it's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know . 
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style--casting excellent latin actors of all ages--a trend long overdue . 
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt . 
the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
the long-range appeal of " minority report " should transcend any awards it bags . this is one for the ages . 
smith's point is simple and obvious -- people's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers . 
a half-assed film . 
blanchett's performance confirms her power once again . 
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 
it's just plain lurid when it isn't downright silly . 
the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long . 
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp . 
spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 
martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going . 
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides . . . [and] personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy . 
the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . 
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
lilia's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth . 
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? 
[tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 
entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together . 
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms . bullock's best work in some time . 